hey guys we are toys toys toys and today
we are bringing you Cookie Monster and
his submarine this Cookie Monster sports
water and another Cookie Monster with a
ball Ernie with his rubber ducky and
Elmo with a starfish both of these toys
are perfect to take a bath with now
let's start with Cookie Monster and his
submarine this is a very very cool toy
here's a handle
now you can scoop water off this way and
it has little holes to make it rain or
you could do it this way like this look
at the propeller cool and on this one
which all cookie monster this is cookie
monster hello take a bath no Cookie
Monster it's like this this fierce snug
in the submarine so he doesn't fall out
and he's ready for adventure and the
deep blue water what do you see down
below the propeller works with Cookie
Monster inside and it's raining don't
forget they also have hello Cookie
Monster and Ernie to play with these
guys are past quarters like this and
like this and like this let's bring out
the Cookie Monster to play he also
scored water skis let him go a little
bit in the water so he'll get some water
inside him and squeeze there he goes
this has been toys toys toys and today
we played with bath toys from Sesame
Street
Cookie Monster in his submarine Cookie
Monster Elmo and Ernie bass quarters
remember that he also can squirt some
water hi everybody thanks for watching
please subscribe to our Channel